This post is to give you an idea of the scale of each unit of data measurement. 
Before we begin, let's first just list a handful of different units of data measurement 
in order from least to greatest:

bit
byte
kilobyte
megabyte
gigabyte
terabyte
petabyte
exabyte
zettabyte
yottabyte


A byte is the fundamental unit of measurement in terms of quantifying data storage.
How much is a byte? A byte is 8 bits. You can think of  the byte as an atom whereas 
a bit is like a subatomic particle. The bit can be one of two values: 0 or 1; yes or no;
up or down, north or south; etc. So if a byte is 8 bits, we can use our combinatoric skills 
to understand that a byte can store 2^8 = 256 pieces of information. What can you store
with a one byte? One byte can store all of the letters, numbers, and symbols that you can
type with your keyboard. There are 128 standard ASCII characters  as well as another
128 extended ASCII characters. 

After the byte we have the kilobyte. A photograph of low resolution is about 100KB. A 
high-resolution picture may venture into the megabyte units. There are about 16 hours
of music in 1 gigabyte. A terabyte is a thousand gigabytes. How much is this? Well, it
would be around 16,000 hours of music; that's a lot of music! That is about the equivalent 
of 666 days of nonstop music. A petabyte is 2^50 bytes of storage - Whoa! What can I store 
with a petabyte of storage at my disposal? You could store about the equivalent of 20 million 
four-drawer filing cabinets filled with text. What about beyond a petabyte? Next up is 1000 
petabytes or simply an exabyte. There is an estimated 2.5 quintillion bytes of information 
generated each day, or 2.5 exabytes. Two to the 70th power is the equivalent of the next unit; 
the zettabyte. Beyond this is the theoretical data storage unit of the yottabyte. It is hard to
imagine what one could do with this much storage. It would take a data center the size of Delaware
and Rhode Island together to store this much data. For now, a yottabyte is a unit of measurement
hard for the human mind to comprehend. There are even larger theoretical units such as the
brontobyte and geopbyte. Do you think we will ever be speaking of data in terms of these units??
